Create wait_states_1.6_rel_notes.mdx (#7202)
EnterpriseDB/docs: advocacy_docs/pg_extensions/wait_states/rel_notes/wait_states_1.6_rel_notes.mdx

---

> title: Release notes for Wait States version 1.6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Release notes for Wait States version 1.6.0
```

Author: Hi @nidhibhammar , thanks for your fix. I agree to that

> navTitle: "Version 1.6"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
navTitle: "Version 1.6.0"
```

Author: Hi @nidhibhammar , thanks for your fix. I agree to that

---
Release date: 17 Jul 2026

This release of Wait States includes:

| Type        | Description                                                       |
|-------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Bug Fix     | Fix edb_wait_states segementation fault brings down EPAS issue.    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Bug Fix     | Fixed incorrect queryId attribution in edb_wait_states when backends exit or error mid-query.  |
```

> | Bug Fix     | Fixed incorrect queryId attribution in edb_wait_states when backends exit or error mid-query.  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Bug Fix     | Fixed incorrect `query_id` attribute in edb_wait_states when backends exit or error mid-query.  |
```
